Why is there a woman here again?
This kid is quite feminine
This is the daughter of Xiao, the peak of Emperor Wu next week.
How could Xiao Yue Wuji's people appear here?
Why did I say I will always be by your side?
But stay close.
The one next to you is Zhiji Lingyun Fangling, right?
I'll pick up your swallow
Haha, who dares to hit me
Is there any royal law?
Is there any law?
People who dare to touch my Ma Group
Today you will surely die without a burial
Do you believe it or not?
This girl
If I'm not mistaken
You are the daughter of the fifth Xiao family next week
Martial Path Peak Xiao Yue Eighteen
Yes it's me
Let's quit next Friday and next week.
Well water never breaks river water
I don't know if you made a scene at our Fang family banquet today
What's the point?
What bullshit feast did I have for your Fang family?
Will not be interested at all
But you moved someone I care about
Then it won't work.
The person you care about is this trash
Don't you dare talk nonsense again.
I will demolish your Fang's house
Chop and burn